---------------------Mobile----------------------------------------

? Top-Rated Full Stack Developer
? 150+ Web Design/Development Projects Successfully Completed
? 9+ Years of Experience
? Quality of Service with 100% work satisfaction to clients.
? Accuracy Rate is about 98% to 100%
? Eager to learn - Honest - Reliable - Analytic - Ambitious - Team Player

✅ PHP, Laravel, CodeIgniter, Yii, Symphony, WordPress, Joomla, Drupal
✅ E-Commerce Websites ( Magento, Shopify, Woocommerce, Prestashop)
✅ Amazon AWS, API's Development, Angular Js, Node Js, React Js
✅ Enterprise Websites & Web-services(XML, JSON), SOAP
✅ 3rd party APIs for integration into websites Web services(XML, JSON), SOAP


✅ Ui/Ux Design Solutions
✅ Web Page Designing
✅ Landing Pages
✅ Stationery like Visiting card | Brochure | Pamphlets | Flyer, EBook Cover Design etc.

✅ Mobile App Development ( Hybrid+ Native apps) for both Android & IOS Platforms.

I do both urgent and long-term projects. I always did and will do things in time. Contact me and I'll be happy to help.

------------------IOS | Android | Unity 3D |Web Design & Development------------------

FEATURED REVIEW
"We have worked with many freelancers, but these guys are really far more better than the rest. their work ethic and hard work make us really surprised. we are also developers and we can clearly say that their developers are really smart. if you know what you want, they will deliver what you want. thank you very much for your patience and hard work. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THEM FOR MOBILE DEVELOPMENT TO ANYONE WITHOUT ANY CONCERN. "
- Ues W.
We are AddonVision infotech, and we are one of the best App and Game Development teams
on the Digital market currently. Having developed more than 100 games and apps on
iTunes App Store and ANOTHER 100+ on Google Play Store, we’re well versed in the ins-and-
outs of the industry and know how to handle any project or ask.

At AddonVision infotech, we bring you budget conscious, deadline aware, quality assured
professionalism that never disappoints. Our development services are fast, efficient, affordable,
and completed with passion and pride.

So, if you’re interested in working with us, don’t hesitate to check out our portfolio or review our
ratings section to get a sense of our work and how we perform as a team.

Other than that, just reach out! We’re always looking for new clients and new challenges, and can’t wait to take on
yours!

Thanks!



------------------------Web Development, Web Design------------------------


FEATURED REVIEW
"A big thank you to the Opencollar Tech. Team and especially Nick for your professionalism and patience while realising the website. The result turned even better than we would have imagined and throughout the process the communication has always been excellent and every concern or problem arised has been solved. We are looking forward to keep working with Opencollar Tech!"
- Aline Cara Luna M.
OUR TEAM STRUCTURE
Business Developers, Project Analysts, Project Managers, Designers, Developers, Quality Assurance, Server Experts, Ethical Hackers, Blockchain Experts.

Skills:
Web development, Android / IOS Mobile apps, Payment integration, MySQL, PHP, Shopping cart, Twilio API, Laravel, Graphics design, AWS, WordPress, Python, E-commerce, Software Design, Blockchain, Smart Contracts, ERC20 Tokens, NFTs, Cryptocurrency, Node.js, Angular.js, React, MongoDB.

WHY HIRE US:
✓ Among Top 3% Freelancers
✓ 11 Years of Experience
✓ Professional and Polite
✓ Team of 27 Experts and Engineers
✓ Amazing Communication
✓ Quality Work within Budget
✓ Free Fixes after the project delivery
✓ Long term partnership and support
✓ Clean, Documented Code
✓ Regular Updates

WHAT KIND OF APPLICATIONS WE MAKE:
- Bespoke Web Applications
- Android / IOS Mobile Apps
- Responsive Websites
- Online Platforms
- E-Commerce Multivendor
- Business Management Software
- CRM
- ERP Systems
- Booking Systems

