What about scheduling a call to discuss estimate and timeframes?

When you want this project to be completed?

could you let me know about more details?

What are the functionalities that you want on the website? 

Where do you want to host the website?

When do you need this finished by?

When can I start the project from?

Are you short of resources?

do you have any documentation ready? I’d appreciate it if you share it with me.

What would you say?

What time works for you?

For better understanding, Can you please initiate the message box so that we can discuss the requirements?

Let me know, when can we communicate further, to initiate this project development ?

How much expert I am? I am a certified WordPress developer having more than 4 years of experience.

1) Is Logo Design only simple abd clean looking? What about Twitter?
2) Is website that you build job site? If it is true, think about  indeed or Upwork? 
3) From Creator Job View, this page uses scroll or full page ? 
4) At the end, How many hours do you give me to finish this job?
5) Need to empower your business?

Do you have any tech stack preference?

Interested in UX and UI design for the web and mobile applications? Want to make a strong impression and boost customer satisfaction? Contact me to discuss your project.

Do you prefer to text or call to discuss this in detail?

 May we suggest a call (Zoom or Skype) to understand the requirements better and agree on the timeline with you?


Do you have a hard deadline and budget expectations? (Based on it we can suggest the best approach)

Let's set up a call and discuss the details, I will answer all your questions. At your convenience?

Do you have free time to chat this week?

Excuse me, Sir  What's your reason to be redesigned again?

But I have some questions about job.
1. How to expand your transaction system?
2. What do you think about data secuity because of expanding data structure?
3. How much is your profit of expanding transaction?

Are you open to candidates? How soon you'd like the candidate to start performing on your project?

 Please tell me more about your project:
 What stage of development is your project?
 Do you have a full list of tasks?
 What are your deadlines for tasks?



Please, clarify a few things:
- Do you want to build your project from scratch or update the existing one?
- What is a good time for you to have regular weekly meetings?


But I have some questions because of title is so simple.
1. What kind of reciept system do you want?   
    Just like  https://invoicehome.com/ ?
2. What kind of receipts are be used in your website?

1-Do you have a logo for the website?

2-How many pages of the site do you need?

3-Do you have content ready of all pages with a word file?

4-Did you purchase domain/hosting?