Greetings,

I am a professional developer with Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science and more than 8 years of Web development experience.

I have lots of experience with Crypto Wallet APIs like Bitgo.

As a full-stack developer, my best skills include :
- Server side: Node.js, Laravel, Zend, Ruby on Rails, Python
- Client side: AngularJS, React.js, Vue.js
- CMS: Drupal, Wordpress, Magento, Joomla, Shopify

I worked for IT companies for years and I successfully launched huge projects, now I started to work as a freelancer on upwork.
I've worked on many apps/websites including Dating site, Booking System, Traveling System, Online Marketing System, e-Commerce site and Crowdfunding Landing Pages.
I always focus on code quality over result of quantity.
This is an essential part in development & maintenance of projects, especially when I'm collaborating as a team member.
I am very skilled at working remotely and always willing to learn something new.

Please check the following blockchain related projects I previously worked on :

1) BitYo (http://bityo.io - the frontend is not complete yet)
I have developed a crypto payment system using Bitgo.

2) https://plan-dev-003.brackets.trade
I have developed a broker API for skuchain called Brackets.

3) https://www.swypto.exchange
Used NodeJS & Coffeescript for this development which interacts with BTC API and allow users to transfer funds to their wallets.

Thanks for your read, ready to discuss more about the project during the interview.
Best regards,


-- P.S. --
I have experience dealing with several kinds of crypto wallets including BTC, ETH, LTC and BCH.
I mainly used Bitgo APIs for managing the wallets and the most complex one to handle among these is the ETH wallet.
I have to take in the gas price for the transaction to be processed, and also handle a late processing of a created address as ETH addresses take time to be confirmed on the network...
And they provide a separate API for BTC, but I can handle all these with ease.
Also, the best part would be that I'm really experienced in security enforcement in the backend API development.
I have years of experience in this and can handle atomic transactions and secure input validations along with strong 2FA and request authorization.
