Hi,

Greeting of the day !!

Having gone through your requirement very carefully and I am pleased to submit proposal for this project. I am an experienced MEAN Stack developer having great knowledge and experience in MongoDB, Express, Angular.js and Node.js. Further, I have strong command over HTML5, CSS3, Express, AWS and SQL Server (MySQL and MSSQL).

I have an excellent experience of working with different WebAPI, consuming API's, 3rd party APIs like LINKEDIN AND XING APIs, Facebook oauth, Yahoo oauth, Google oauth, CC Avenue payment gateway, Yahoo currency converter API. so I can easily accomplish first phase for your project with ease and perfection.

The BIG plus point is that from the last three years I have been using Bootstrap so I will provide highly interactive and responsive design with smooth UI/UX experience for optimal viewing across all devices (computer/tablets/phone). I have peerless command over English so I will be the direct person who will be communicating and responsible for each and every status which Include (Wireframes, Designing , Development, Testing , Monitoring etc)

I have developed many applications using Microsoft technologies on web, desktop and Mobile platform. I'm involved in development since last more than 5+ years, during my journey I have learned lot of skills.

Hope I am Inline with your thoughts. Please give me a chance to communicate over Skype so we can have same page of understanding regarding your particular project.

I am self-motivated, dependable and have the ability to work as a team or independently in order to complete projects by their deadlines. I also possess outstanding problem solving and management skills with the ability to supervise projects and make sure all areas are addressed appropriately.

My approach is proportionate to Agile Methodology and I am well versed with the source code management tools such as TFS/ GIT/ Bitbucket/ SVN and has worked on different Project Management Systems like Basecamp, JIRA, Asana, Trello, Pivotal Tracker, Active Collab.

My availability is high on Skype/Email and Phone so please feel free to contact me on either at your suitable time.

Looking forward to project discussions.
