--- new ---
Hi,

I'm sure I can be an ideal candidate for this position. 
I'm a full stack developer focused on the frontend, with my special interest in React.

I've been doing web development for 9 years now. I worked for many startups and agencies and developed many web applications small and large - and complex in logic.

My primary expertise is React, Redux, Redux-thunk, Redux Saga, Angular, Node.js, Express.js, ECMAScript6, Typescript, DB Programming, Webpack, Gulp, Grunt, Restful & 3rd Party API integration. 

Having read through your job description, I'm very confident that I'll be able to provide a dedicated service as I have all the skillsets necessary for this product.

As a team member, I can work on your timezone during our contract and you would be comfortable in agile/scrum methodology. 
For collaboration I also use Git/Bitbucket, JIRA/Asana/Trello.

I have a proactive attitude with sense of ownership and strong work ethics.
Looking forward to build a long-term relationship with you based on quality and trust.

Best regards,




--- old ---

Greetings,

I am a professional developer with Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science and more than 8 years of Web development experience.

I really feel that I am the perfect fit for this project as I have enough skills and experience required for this job - I'm quite addicted to modern Javascript stacks like Node, React and Angular with 1.5 years of experience with React alone.

Following are my previous work on ReactJS :

https://seatgeek.com/
https://www.chefsplate.com/
https://parlourgigs.com/
http://www.moodwonder.com

I started my programming career after graduating university mainly with C/C++ and Java - thus I have dealt very much with the algorithms and SDLC workflow.
Then I turned to this web development field following the rapid growth of internet marketplace and the growing need for the web services & applications.

I'm not a mere coder who learnt coding languages online or on a short course and dived into this IT field - I'm a professional who has gone through systematic education and have deep knowledge about the structure of the hardware & software integration.
These experiences affect much on one's problem solving methodologies and skills.

Thanks for your read, ready to discuss more about the project during the interview.
Best regards, 
