correct profile 

MY PROFILE 

-I’m a computer nerd at heart. I’ve been fascinated with computers and technology since I was 5 (I’m 40 now) when my dad first introduced me to the Commodore 64 computer. I would sit in front of our TV set and not only play video games (favorites included Shamus, Frogger, Donkey Kong, Ms. Pacman, and the classic text adventure Zork), but I would read the C-Basic manual with my older brother and learn how to make simple programs. 

 

I had a re-introduction to computers at age 12 when I got my first PC (a Packard Bell 286). I was officially hooked on computer to computer communication when a friend and I called our first BBS and thought we had somehow accidentally accessed a secret government mainframe. “WHAT IS YOUR NAME?” It asked. I gave a fake name. “WHAT IS YOUR LAST NAME?” ….I hung up and unplugged the phone line from the wall. I was scared to death at first, but underneath that fear was a boiling excitement that never really left me; that drove me to learn more and more as the years went on. 

 

From there I started tearing computers apart and learning how they worked inside and out. I also immersed myself web dev and mobile app development. 

So I think I am a full stack developer and mobile app developer. 

The main skill are  

-React (redux, next js),  

-Vue (vuex, nuxt),  

-Angular,  

-PHP (Laravel, CodeIgniter, Yii) 

-Node js (Express) 

 

Almost everyone carries an Internet capable device in their pocket. Just think about that for a minute or two, at the lowest level possible – a worldwide, high bandwidth network that a very large portion of the general population has access to. The possibilities are endless in thinking of the next killer app for this incredible technology available to us all today that could benefit people all over the planet (and soon to be other planets, hopefully! 😉 ) 

 

I love where the growing power, capacity and capability of the Internet is headed. 

Hello everyone. 

Actually I worked in Engineering company and at that time my salary was enough. 

But now why I am a freelancer? 

One day, my member (I was a web team boss) was fired by undue reason. He was my relative. Because he is my relative and his boss is non other than me, so I can't vouch. 

In the result of this accident, I feel bad about regular job. 

This is why I resign the company.  

After resign of company, by now I have worked with not only knowledge but also passion and effort. 

Invidual business is not so easy but my mind is free. 

my skills and experiences range from building responsive mobile sites that work perfect cross-browser to building scalable websites for any industry. 

I provide 100% guarantee on the quality and reliability of the code. 