Dear sir

I am Worpress developer, HTML coder and in some cases designer.

I set up many websites using Wordpress, Drupal and Joomla. I like Wordpress very much!!!

Clients of Wordpress websites always asked a lot of customization for purchased templates, so I did much work to adjust sites for their requirements doing PHP programming for e-mail subscriptions, pop-ups alerts, not standard registration forms and complicated pop-up menus.

All sites were responsive adopted for Win, MAC, iPhone, iPad, Android and Windows Mobile devices.

Which of the required job skills do you feel you are strongest at?
- I feel 100% confident to accomplish this job in time, with high quality and following all your requirements even if they are too specific or complicated.

Which part of this project do you think will take the most time?
- The easiest part is to setup wordpress and launch site as is  it can be done for 5 minutes. The most difficult is to apply changes if they beyond the theme customization options.

I feel excited to get this job. My rate can be adjusted, because this is only the second job on oDesk  so I mostly work for getting feedback.

I am very flexible in working time and communications. I can follow all your requirements and can advice good solutions to accomplish this job effectively and with the minimum budget.

Waiting to hearing from you





------------------------------
Dear sir

I am Wordpress developer, HTML coder and in some cases designer.

I set up many websites using Wordpress, Drupal, and Joomla. I like Wordpress very much!!!

Clients of Wordpress websites always asked a lot of customization for purchased templates, so I did much work to adjust sites for their requirements doing PHP programming for e-mail subscriptions, pop-ups alerts, not standard registration forms and complicated pop-up menus.

All sites were responsive adopted for Win, MAC, iPhone, iPad, Android, and Windows Mobile devices.

I feel excited to get this job. My rate can be adjusted because this is only the second job on oDesk so I mostly work for getting feedback.

I am very flexible in working time and communications. I can follow all your requirements and can advice good solutions to accomplish this job effectively and with the minimum budget.

Waiting to hear from you




Which of the required job skills do you feel you are strongest at?
- I feel 100% confident to accomplish this job in time, with high quality and following all your requirements even if they are too specific or complicated.

Which part of this project do you think will take the most time?
- The easiest part is to setup wordpress and launch site as is  it can be done for 5 minutes. The most difficult is to apply changes if they beyond the theme customization options.



---------------------------



Hello

My name is Michael Smith

I am a professional programmer on PHP+MySQL+WordPress.

What I am going to do if you hire me:
- upgrade Wordpress to latest version, it gives you more options to control SEO tags
- install additional plugins: SEO by Yoast, All in One SEO pack  they can do most of SEO work automatically, if you are not a SEO specialist;
- go through all your pages to correct tag for better SEO optimization
- apply your requirement by developing special libraries which integrated with WP core without modifying it, so it will not affect further WP updates

I guarantee high quality work, quick answers on you messages and responsibility.

I would like to do job fist and then be get paid.

I am great in PHP/MySQL, HTML5, node.js and Ajax too, so looking forward to hearing from you

Thank you for opportunity!!!



-------------

Hello

I can suggest very quick and easy solution, which is in 100 times more effective and safe for moving content from one wordpress site to another.

For less than 1h I can export and import the corresponding posts without copy/paste and with appropriate URLs, no mistakes and mistypes.

I can do many similar jobs like this, so please be aware about it, if you decide to safety migrate/move some other content. 

Also, I can coordinate your site migration, because I did it so many times that can do it with close eyes :)

I wish you to do migration smoothly, and I would glad if I can help you in this.

Best regards, Namdar

------------

Hi,

I'm very fun to work with. 

I'm a UI designer. I know Jquery, Java, Javascript, WordPress, CSS, etc. 

I bear users in mind when I build my web pages. I always want to give them something really interesting to look at and to use so they always keep coming back.

I can take your webpage and give it an amazing look, suitable for the audience you have in mind. 

One aspect where I'm better than most others is styling. 

Even when I work with WordPress, I take my time to style the theme so it comes alive and expresses the essence of the website. 

I'd really love to work with you. I can show you a few of my amazing works for clients in different industries. 

You could even choose from any of my designs and have me mimic something similar for yours or you could simply discuss your concepts with me and I'll go ahead and design something mind blowing.

I love sprucing up web pages, so hire me and share your ideas with me and you'll be amazed what your web pages will look like by the time I'm done. 

100% satisfaction guaranteed. 

-------------
Dear Ms. Jacqueline Thomas,

I currently hold a bachelor’s of science degree in computer science and have worked in WordPress for many years and am considered an advanced user. I am also highly proficient at building themes and plugins and also have an in depth understanding of PHP, HTML/CSS, Javascript/jQuery. There would be no problem with my templating for WordPress as I have a great deal of proficiency in this aspect of the program. It is also possible for me to translate designs and I have a good understanding of usability and appreciation for a good user experience.

My experience also includes building responsive and mobile experiences and in software engineering using source code management tools such as GIT. I also have familiarity with relational databases such as MySQL and Oracle and an understanding of RESTful Web Services technologies such as JSON, SOAP, and HTTP.

With my interpersonal skills it is possible for me to work within in a team but it is also no problem for me to work on my own as I need no supervision. I also have excellent problem solving skills along with great time management, estimation and communication skills.

If you would like to speak to me further in regards to the WordPress developer position please feel free to contact me at please contact me. I look forward to hearing from you.

Respectfully,
-------------


Dear Hiring Manager,
I am submitting my candidacy for the position of WordPress Developer for this project of yours. With my bachelor’s degree in computer science and with the help of my voluntary WordPress certification I have earned many years of experience as an entry-level WordPress developer. I am more than confident that I can make your project successful within a short period of time.

You would be happy to know that my professional experience includes designing and implementing web pages, user interfaces and plugins for WordPress. I have been helping my clients to troubleshoot and fix their WordPress products from past several years. I have also been designing themes that are as functional as they are beautiful and I have created the best products possible.

So I  hope to bring my programming skills, love of WordPress and eye for design to make your project successful. 
I am grateful for your time and consideration, and I look forward to speaking with you further about this position. You can always find me available on Email and Skype. I'm willing to work for 50 hours per week for your project if you hire me once.

Warm regards,