Hi.

Thanks for your job posting.
I saw your description very carefully. So I understood fully what you want.

I have experience e-Commerce web site developing for 5 years long.
I know well about Shopify, Magento , Joomla, Drupal, shopping cart,Wordpress.
So I think your project is very suitable for me.

You can check my result.
http://nastygal.com


I will provide good suggestion via interview.
I am so independent and i can devote only your job.
I am waiting your good chance.

Thanks.






Here are my magento skills the below.
- Use and expansion of the Magento eCommerce platform, to an advanced
level, on all three editions(Enterprise, Community, Go)
- Responsible for scoping and developing client websites using the enterprise & Community version of Magento Commerce platform. 
- Designed, built, tested and implemented stand-alone modules for Magento, including payment and shipping modules. Customized Magento's inherent features based on client needs.
- Used client-provided PSD files to implement Magento layouts, skins, and themes including customized user functionality.







Hello, Sir
Thanks for your job posting.

I have visited and observed your website in detail.
Excuse me, Sir  What's your reason to be redesigned again?
I think you choose the good choice.   Perhaps your own site looks like good.
But most pages are a little tighten not so flexible.
Please don't feel bad. It's just my a suggestion.
If you are really going to redesign, you'll have not to be lost vitality and light.
Vitality on bussiness is just meaning improve and advance.
If you aren't with vitality, you won't be successful at anytime.

I know well about shopify framework frontend and backend part.
I can make front end by modifying liquid and install apps.
Also I know well about RoR, so I can make shopify theme by myself.
Payment/Gateway/Merchant/API and the Shopify platform, along with cart, checkout
You can check my previous shopify website.

My latest projects are : 
https://shop.mdhdigital.com/
https://patelbasket.com/
https://goldenstarmet.com/

If you are going to be with me, please message me.
Best.








hello, sir

At first, I can do it successfully in time.
I visited the site and understood specifications of your project.
I think the site is suitable to simple education system.

I've already built a few websites through wordpress before.
Especially, I am confident on CMS such as Wordpress, eCommerce etc.
... ...

I wanna see your specified mockup/prototype for your work and hope to discuss about it each other.

thanks








hello, sir

I am just a perfect wordpress specialist with 6+ years.
In particular, I built the responsive websites to be fit to client's requirements before.

To reduce searching time in website is so precious.
For it, it is more better to use modern Javascript frameworks such as React.js, Vue.js.
I have mastered these languages and I could create your beautiful site with these skills.

If you are interested in my suggestion for your entrepreneurial site, 
please let me know the mockup or prototype to be relevant to your project.

best regards.







Hi.
Thanks for your job posting.
I saw your description very carefully. So I understood fully what you want.
I have experience e-Commerce web site developing for 5 years long.
I know well about Magento,Joomla, Drupal, shopping cart,Wordpress.
So I think your project is very suitable for me.








Shopify 

Dear Client.
Thanks for your job posting.

I know well about shopify framework frontend and backend part.
I can make front end by modifying liquid and install apps.
Also I know well about RoR, so I can make shopify theme by myself.
Payment/Gateway/Merchant/API and the Shopify platform, along with cart, checkout
You can check my previous shopify website.

http://colossalshop.com/
https://hobes.co/
http://www.kirnazabete.com/
http://www.tenacious7vapor.com/
http://www.dropdead.co/

If you are interesting, please give me detail requirements.
As I am full time developer, I can start immediately.

Look forward to working with you.

Regards.


