
I am a full-time web developer for 5+ years of experiences.
Data structure and database.
I have too many experiences in web development. so I think I am very qualified to your project.
My past project link is    https://bitable.feishu.cn/    and     https://www.ezprints.com/


My skills are :
-Node.js, PHP, Laravel, Python, Django
-MySQL, MongoDB, Oracle
-Git, Bitbucket, SVN

My typical projects :
https://www.vuhaus.com/
https://www.123apotek.no/

At first I want to know some reasons to cause overlapping projects.
Maybe there are a few reasons to be stuck your project.
I'd like to discuss with you about being stuck problem with you in detail.
I think I am so qualified to solve your issues.

I hope you will get a good result.

Thanks.







Hi, Sir.

I have read your descriptions of project in detail.
I am free to use any languages and libraries and platforms.
What is Forma-Green's main goal?   Managing members or managing the other things such as training centers and vegetalized points?
I think the most important thing of your project is structuring database securing database.
And then building website is no problem.

May I ask you a question?
Which is the most risk in your managing system? 
If you have well-structured database and system, you could solve these risks one by one.
I have several years of experiences with these works including database structure, database protect.
If you are interested in me, please message me.
And If you want, I'll give you source code and documentation of project, etc.

Thank you.







---  ---

hello, sir.

I have read the description of your job carefully.
And I have visited two websites that you indicated and I thought how to design and develop your imagnation.
Your requirements are complicated, but in fact is not so complex for me.
As I am a full-stack expert, I have many experiences with this kind of website.

Especially I am so good at Database field.
I think Data Structure and Security in your project is so important.
If I have your work, I'll work out it with my modern skills on time.

Best regards.






Hello, Sir. 

I sincerely hope you and your family are safe from the COVID-19.
I just have reviewed your descriptions of project.
I am good at Backend Developer such as MS Access database, MySQL.
Also I've got full of experiences with DB Management.
I am always ready for you and make it well.

Best regards.





Hi, sir.

I understand what you want now.
I've already deployed web applications with AWS several times.
I am confident with doing this work in time completely.

Thanks.





I can cover backend successfully as well using nodejs/expressjs, php laravel, codeiginiter, ASP.NET, ROR, or django with strong background in a variety of database platforms such as mysql, postgresql, mongodb, elastic search. 






I am a GIT and JIRA expert with good collaboration experience and working styles. 
I keep a strict eye on pixel perfectionism of UI/UX design, and always stick to result-driven working manner with great attention to detail, periodic thorough code review, and critical thinking. 
I am always available on Email and Skype, also I will be available as full time on your time zone. 
I am ready for everything to start at once and I am waiting for your interview now. 
Thanks so much for reading my cover letter to the end. 
Best Regards.














