

Hi, Dear.

Do you really need a PHP Laravel framework expert ? I am just a Laravel specialist.
As a senior Laravel expert, I can work out successfully your website what you want in a short time.
I have development experiences of 8+ years in the field.

My skills are :
-Node.js, PHP, Laravel, Python, Django
-MySQL, MongoDB
So that I can complete a total of projects without assistances.
You can check some of the links of websites I finished before.

https://www.vuhaus.com/
https://www.123apotek.no/

And I can guarantee maintain of website completed in free
I can also be flexible if your payment is tight.
I hope you will get a good result.

Thanks.







Hi, Sir.

Do you really need a PHP Laravel frome work expert? I am just a Laravel specialist.
As a senior Laravel expert, I can work out successfully your website what you want in a short time.
I have development experiences in the similar with your project field.

Please check my project.
    https://shop.mdhdigital.com/

I have already faced with your problem when I developed it.
I can work out the same blue line easily.
Alarm notifications is a little complicated.
If this is your restaurant website, I think kind of foods are not so much.
If you modify and debug this site, I want to say to you for making a little attractive and perfect ones.
Thanks.










Respected, Sir.

I am just a Laravel specialist you want.
I have already developed Laravel7 in Saas system.
As a senior Laravel expert, I can work out successfully your website what you want in a short time.
I have development experiences of 8+ years in the field.

My skills are :
-Node.js, PHP, Laravel, Python, Django
-MySQL, MongoDB
-Git, Bitbucket, SVN

My typical projects :
https://www.vuhaus.com/
https://www.123apotek.no/

At first I want to see detail reports and specifications in xls and pdf.
And need integraing payments via paypal and mercado page.
I'd like to discuss with you about being stuck problem with you in detail.
I think I am so qualified to solve your problem.
I am always ready for you.

Thanks.







Respected, client.

Hope you are doing very well.
I have read your descriptions and I am confident I can do it perfectly.

And I am a specialist of Laravel framework for 6+ years long.
I know how to implement your project and I have perfect translation module for it.
So I think I am so qualified to you.

Best regards










